Fix QGIS 'LevelDemand / static' schema (#1489)
Deltares/Ribasim: docs/core/usage.qmd

allocated     | Float64
realized      | Float64

::: {.callout-note}
The LevelDemand node allocations are listed as node type Basin.

> This is because one LevelDemand node can control multiple Basins, and doesn't receive flow by itself.

Author: ```suggestion
This is because one LevelDemand node can link to multiple Basins, and doesn't receive flow by itself.
```
